Docs: expand deploy recipe (#15605)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/recipes.md

## Deploying

Showtime. Once you are happy with your site, you are ready to go live with it!

#### Prerequisites

> -A Gatsby site ([check out the Tutorial if you don't yet have a Gatsby site](/tutorial/))  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-A [Gatsby site](/docs/quick-start)
```
i've been linking to the Quick Start to keep recipes focused.

-The [Gatsby CLI](/docs/gatsby-cli)

#### Directions

1. Stop your development server if it is running (`Ctrl + C` on your command line in most cases)

> 2. If you want the standard path prefix for your site (`/`), run `gatsby build` using the Gatsby CLI on the command line. The files you need to copy to your server will now be in the `public` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. For the standard site path at the root directory (`/`), run `gatsby build` using the Gatsby CLI on the command line. The built files will now be in the `public` folder.
```

```shell
gatsby build
```

> 3. If you'd like to have the index of your site be at a path other than `/`, set a path prefix by adding the following to your `gatsby-config.js` and replacing `yourpathprefix` with your desired path prefix:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. To include a site path other than `/` (such as `/site-name/`), set a path prefix by adding the following to your `gatsby-config.js` and replacing `yourpathprefix` with your desired path prefix:
```

```js:title=gatsby-config.js
module.exports = {
  pathPrefix: `/yourpathprefix`,
}
```

> There are a few reasons you might want to do this--for instance, if you are hosting a blog built with Gatsby on a domain where you are running another site not built on Gatsby. The main site would direct to `example.com`, and by setting a path prefix you can have `example.com/blog` load your Gatsby site directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are a few reasons to do this--for instance, hosting a blog built with Gatsby on a domain with another site not built on Gatsby. The main site would direct to `example.com`, and the Gatsby site with a path prefix could live at `example.com/blog`.
```
Making this a tad bit shorter for the recipe format!

> Once your path prefix is set in your `gatsby-config.js`, run `gatsby build`, but make sure to add the `--prefix-paths` flag, like so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. With a path prefix set in `gatsby-config.js`, run `gatsby build` with the `--prefix-paths` flag to automatically add the prefix to the beginning of all Gatsby site URLs and `<Link>` tags.
```

```shell
gatsby build --prefix-paths
```

> With this flag added, Gatsby will automatically add your path prefix to the beginning of all of your site's URLs and will automatically update all `<Link>` tags as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Moving to consolidate info in the step above.

> 4. It is generally helpful to make sure that your site looks the same when running `gatsby build` as it did when running `gatsby develop`. By running `gatsby serve` after you build your site, you can test out (and debug if necessary) the finished product before deploying it live.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Make sure that your site looks the same when running `gatsby build` as with `gatsby develop`. By running `gatsby serve` when you build your site, you can test out (and debug if necessary) the finished product before deploying it live.
```

```shell

> gatsby serve

Reviewer: ```suggestion
gatsby build && gatsby serve
```

```

> 5. From here, you can either copy the files in your `public` folder directly to your server, or deploy to one of many popular servers. Check out the [deployment docs for specific hosting platforms and how to deploy to them](/docs/deploying-and-hosting/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I think it's fine to keep this recipe limited to "preparing for deployment" and let subsequent recipes and Additional resources fill in the details.

#### Additional Resources

- Walk through building and deploying an example site in [tutorial part one](/tutorial/part-one/#deploying-a-gatsby-site)
- Learn about [performance optimization](/docs/performance/)
- Read about [other deployment related topics](/docs/preparing-for-deployment/)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Check out the [deployment docs](/docs/deploying-and-hosting/) for specific hosting platforms and how to deploy to them
```

## Deploying

Showtime. Once you are happy with your site, you are ready to go live with it!

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Preparing for deployment
```
I think we're missing a heading for the recipe here!

Author: Yeah, wasn't sure on the format for that, thanks for adding it in!

#### Prerequisites

> -A [Gatsby site](/docs/quick-start)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A [Gatsby site](/docs/quick-start)
```

> -The [Gatsby CLI](/docs/gatsby-cli)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [Gatsby CLI](/docs/gatsby-cli) installed
```
